MUSIC: 'O Taste And See' by The
Choir Of Trinity College. Cambridge
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
SHOUTING
Come on.
APPLAUSE
Tackle!
CHEERING AND SHOUTING
WHISTLE BLOWS
CHANTING
ALL: Ay. ay. ay. ay. ay. ay. ay!
Ay. ay. ay. ay. ay. ay. ay!
CHANTING STOPS
"Lose with dignity.
Celebrate with grace."
Palmer. you have that lift.
if you hurry.
The rest of you.
training is at 3:30 tomorrow.
ALL: Yes. sir.
CHATTER
Oh. come on. Dad. They won.
Not good enough.
BELL CHIMES
I'm OK walking my dog now. yes?
It's gone 4:30. Melodie. You
can walk him as much as you like.
Thank you. Come on. Casper.
What grade's she got you doing?
Six.
You know where you're going?
Yes. sir.
Tea?
Er. no. thank you.
but I'm sure your mother will.
Palmer. drink?
No. thanks.
ZIPPING
CLOCK TICKING
Thought it was a bit quiet.
You not seen her yet. no?
No.
Oh. OK.
Erm. well.
why don't you start practising?
And I'm sure she'll be back
any minute. OK.
Mum?
CELLO PLAYING
CONTINUES
RINGING TONE.
BEEP
AUTOMATED VOICE:
'This person's phone...'
'Sarah Polly.'
'..is switched off.'
Mum?
CELLO PLAYING
CONTINUES
DOOR CLOSES
HE INHALES
I often think.
when I look at all these.
that I never took the time to read
all the books I should've done.
Never too late. I suppose.
What's the matter?
Where's Mum?
MELLOW POP MUSIC
PLAYS
CHATTER
Any good?
Is that code for. "Can I try some?"
You can if you want.
No. I'm fine. I've got this.
And we're not sharing this.
It's too messy.
No?
Could be like that scene
from Lady And The Tramp.
You'd be the... Lady. obviously.
THEY LAUGH
I can still make you laugh.
Well. laughing was never
our problem. was it?
Listen. Craig.
I like that we're here.
but we don't get to pick up
where we were last time.
I'm not asking to pick up...
Like nothing ever happened.
I can't put myself
through that again. OK?
Sir?
Thank you.
Madam?
Oh. I'm fine. thank you.
Annie. we're just having some food.
I'm serious. Craig.
I can see that.
Stop smiling.
LAUGHING: I'm not smiling.
This is important.
Look. I'm on my best behaviour here.
I've brought my best shirt
and my worst jokes.
And I am nervous.
You're nervous?
Yeah.
I know I messed it up. Annie.
And whatever happens...
..I know this is my last chance.
What are you thinking?
I'm thinking.
if that's your best shirt.
we've got bigger problems
than I thought.
Come here.
You know you want to.
ALARM CLOCK BUZZES
BUZZING STOPS
SIGHS
My messages have only got one tick.
and she's not at Nan's. I tried. Hm.
I'll. er. see you at assembly.
We need to tell someone. Dad!
CAR BLIPS
'And finally. yesterday.
within the grounds of our school.
'something
of great significance occurred.'
The 1st XV extended
their winning run to eight games.
The last time a St Bart's XV won
its opening eight games.
way back in 1996.
they finished the season invictus.
Invictus being Latin for...?
Libby James.
Unbeaten. sir.
Very good.
Now. the 1sts are away
this Saturday.
but the following weekend.
we'll need you out in full force.
showing your support
in the home match against Axbridge.
BELL RINGS
You OK?
Fine.
You've got three interviewees
for the languages job.
The first one
is in for tomorrow at four.
Has Sarah called?
You've not seen her at all?
No.
KEYPAD CLICKS
Is everything OK?
RINGING TONE.
BEEP
'This person's phone...'
'Sarah Polly.'
'..is switched off.'
Come on. my love.
We can't have this again.
PHONE CLICKS
BELL RINGS
TRAIN CLACKS
Guess who called the other day?
I thought you blocked his number.
No.
That's what you said you'd do.
Block his number. change your name.
sell the house and move to Spain.
That was the plan.
"In the event of nuclear war".
THEY CHUCKLE
Can't sell the house anyway.
it's still in his name.
TUTS
He wanted to go for pizza
in that new place near the bridge.
Well. don't.
Just to have a chat.
No.
You promised yourself.
and you promised me.
End of.
"End of"?
CHUCKLES
It's my new phrase.
CHUCKLING: It's not that new.
It is to me.
I heard it on Loose Women.
and I'm trying to fit it in
with the way I talk.
It's definitive.
It is.
And it's relevant here. Annie.
You keep him away.
Go. go. go.
OK.
There's eggs in the fridge.
tins on the side.
and I'll nip back tomorrow
with that milk.
No. love. My Gareth can go.
No. no.
I'll pick up a pint just in case.
Aww.
Bye-bye.
Thanks. love.
PHONE RINGING
Morning. David.
Morning.
Hi. Kate.
Hey.
He's in room one.
She'll be here in a minute.
Good morning.
We've got a bloke in room one
wanting to report a mis-per.
Oh. That's not us. that's uniform.
Yeah. we know that. I said that.
but he's insisting on a detective.
He's the headmaster at St Bart's.
Which one's that again?
The big one in Abbots Leigh.
The posh one?
Mm.
Hm!
Someone's had her hair done.
Have they? Who's that?
And her nails. Don't think
I don't notice these things.
You got a date or something?
I'm allowed to get my nails done.
Good you're getting back out there.
Doesn't have to be about men.
Doesn't have to be. but probably is.
Come on. then. who is he?
ANNIE SIGHS
That's what I love about you. Becky.
the inquisitive mind.
Constantly searching for the truth.
That's what makes you
the detective you are.
So I'm right. then?
No.
Hello. Michael. is it?
She's never late.
Never misses a lesson.
Never leaves school without
telling me or leaving me a message.
That's the least I'd expect.
And the least she'd expect of me.
Point being. this is totally
out of character. unprecedented.
and therefore of immediate concern.
When did you last see your wife?
Yesterday.
When yesterday?
10:20am.
That's very specific.
It's break time.
My daughter. also a member of staff.
also very concerned.
had lunch with her at school -
that would've been 12:15. 12:30.
Then. in the afternoon.
my daughter and I watched
a rugby match and then drove home.
giving one of Sarah's pupils a lift.
The minute I got in.
I knew something was wrong.
And no contact since?
By phone or...?
No. her phone's switched off.
So a real cause for worry.
I mean. when a house is empty.
you know it. don't you?
When your partner's not there.
you just. erm...
Well. you feel it.
That's right. I see that.
But the thing is. Michael.
if you knew "within minutes"
something was wrong.
and if this is. as you say.
of "immediate concern"...
..why have you taken so long
to tell us?
He says his wife is missing.
Well. she's not missing.
We cannot call it that.
Not technically.
Because it's not been 24 hours?
The hours are irrelevant.
She's a grown woman
with no criminal record.
no history of mental illness.
addiction...
No. that we know of.
That's what we need to find out.
But you're thinking. if it does
turn out to be foul play.
then he probably
has something to do with it?
No. I'm thinking he's a... he's
a funny fish. is what I'm thinking.
Just cos he's the big balls
at some posh school
doesn't mean it's all roses at home.
does it?
Probably the opposite.
let's be honest.
No-one knows what's going on
in other people's relationships.
Exactly. Thank you.
Yeah. but it's not like she has
to tell him where she's going.
That's the thing.
I've a sneaky feeling she might.
Where is he now?
Back at the school.
Then get down there.
get as much information as you can.
Have they got any kids?
Yeah. a daughter.
Talk to her too.
And the fact there's no previous.
we treat that as a positive.
And because this is a school.
keep it on the down-low. OK?
You never know. by the time you get
there. she might be home already.
What's the name of this headmaster?
His name's Michael Polly.
Again!
HEAVY BREATHING
Er. really think about your answer
before writing it.
I'm sorry.
could I have a quick word? Mm-hm.
I had a phone call. and she said
she wants to come to the house
as soon as school's over.
Annie Cassidy.
I haven't seen your mum today.
Is everything all right?
Everything's fine.
You would tell me. wouldn't you.
if there was anything...?
Oh. of course. yeah.
Because I'm... I'm very...
Discreet. No. I know. I know. Erm...
Er... You know. I think
he's. erm. getting the police
to do a talk for the younger ones.
"Look both ways
before you cross the road..."
"Don't go off with strangers."
Exactly. that kind of thing.
I told her 5:15.
Brilliant. Thank you. Simone.
All right. Bye.
'This person's phone...'
'Sarah Polly.'
'..is switched off.'
SHOUTING
The police are coming to the house.
Detective Annie Cassidy.
Yeah.
I just tried Mum's phone again.
Still no answer.
Dad. I'm getting...
I'm getting frightened.
Did she not say anything?
Did you argue?
It's OK if you argued...
We didn't argue. We never do.
So where the fuck is she. then?
Well. the...
Stay on your feet. Paynton!
Reset!
That's why they're coming. isn't it?
To help us answer that question.
Right!
Have a shot!
Good. better!
Alana. the daughter. was cautioned
for bringing cannabis into
a music festival when she was 17.
Should almost be a crime not to.
shouldn't it?
That's all I could find.
No crimes reported at the school.
no disturbances. nothing.
CLOCK TICKING
Look at all this.
Hmm.
How the other half
gets its head-bloody-start!
Hello!
Evening.
PHONE CHIMES
Welcome!
DC Becky Hammond.
lovely to meet you. You too. Simone.
Simone. We spoke on the phone.
Yes. Yes. we did.
DC Annie Cassidy. We're looking
for the Pollys' residence. Yes.
Just straight back down there. and
you'll see the headmaster's house.
CHATTER FADES
Thank you. bye.
OK. Keep heading right down that
way. down the lane towards the back.
ENGINE STARTS
BELL CHIMES
No.
If she's switched her phone back on.
she'll know we're worried.
so there's no need to keep calling.
I'm just doing it for my sake.
And I'm saying it for your sake.
CAR APPROACHES
Which one's Cassidy?
The other one.
DOORBELL RINGS
As of right now. she's low risk.
Not because we're not taking
this seriously. we are.
but there are things we need to know
about Sarah before we escalate that.
OK?
What kind of things?
Who she spoke to. where she'd been.
what she'd been up to.
She hasn't been "up to" anything.
We'll also want her laptop.
if she has one.
Any devices. Phones.
I've already told you.
Would she have taken it with her?
She takes it everywhere.
It's switched off.
Can you switch it on?
Because if they can switch it on.
they can see where it is.
Where she is.
They can't.
Can you? Otherwise.
you would have already done it.
No. that's right.
OK. so if we can just run through
some of these questions.
maybe take Alana
into a different room...
Do we not do it together?
It's just standard practice.
Means we get two accounts.
The most information possible.
If that's OK with you? Yes.
Here. This might be helpful.
She kept things in there.
Contacts. Numbers. Bits and bobs.
We're different in many ways.
my wife and I.
but in this. we're similar.
No good at technology.
We had lunch together.
That would have been 12:15. 12:30...
And how was she? In herself?
Happy. She's always happy.
The kids come here
for music lessons.
She takes the school choir.
And who would you say
she's closest to. friends-wise?
Teachers? People outside of school?
She's popular. Definitely.
But Mum's always been
one of those women who...
I don't want this to sound
how it's going to sound. but...
..everything's always been
about Dad.
Had anything changed at all?
No.
She wasn't sad?
Upset about anything? No.
Anything wrong at work?
No.
In your relationship?
Is there anything. Michael.
you'd rather I didn't know
but deep down
think might be relevant?
Whatsoever?
No. Which is what concerns me.
Her laptop's there.
Those are her reading glasses.
so when I saw those.
I thought that's a good thing
because she can't have gone far.
But if she hasn't gone very far.
then where has she gone? You know?
It's Nan's 75th next week.
She doesn't know about any of this.
I'm sorry.
Don't be.
That's Mum's tea.
It's been here the whole time.
Leave that. Leave everything.
We're gonna work this out.
All right?
OK to have a quick look upstairs?
Are you OK?
I mean. how are you coping?
Personally? Only. you seem...
You seem very calm.
I have 160 pupils
about to sit exams.
Those predicted grades
will determine
what universities they go to.
possibly their entire lives.
So the fact that their headmaster's
wife has not been seen for 24 hours
should not concern them.
No. but it should concern him.
And it does.
But as the man entrusted
to guide them
through this crucial time
in their lives.
it should not affect them.
That is the point.
I don't know how useful that is.
I've never looked inside.
Her phone.
Under her side of the bed.
Hidden under the bed?
No. just... under the bed.
No. No. I don't care...
I don't care what's happened.
you would never leave your phone.
Ever. Would you?
You might leave your keys.
you might leave your coat.
But you do not get up and just walk
out of your own bloody life.
Was that where she kept it?
What?
Did she keep her phone by the bed?
No.
Yes. Sometimes...
..at night on her pillow
to help her sleep.
Can I have a whisky? Is that whisky?
Would you like one?
Alana. OK.
OK.
We need to use that phone
to find your mum.
We open the phone.
we find out lots of things.
about where she might be.
who she might be with.
Look at me.
That is what we need to do now.
For Mum.
It's not a question of trust.
We don't all exist in your mindset.
I don't know the code
because I don't.
Maybe you can help us guess.
Guess a six-digit code?
They used to be four digits.
which were impossible to guess
because a four-digit code
could be anything.
And then they made them six digits.
to make things more secure.
only it made things less secure
because the only six-digit code
anybody could ever remember
was a date.
Not necessarily.
Do you have a six-digit code?
Yes.
Is it a date?
Right.
So do I. and so will Sarah.
And it won't be a random date.
it'll be personal.
like a birthday. so...
Anyway. let's go through 'em.
What's her date of birth?
9th of the 1st. '74.
Erm. Alana's?
22nd of August. 2000.
Yours?
It won't be that.
Why won't it be that?
3rd of January. 1970.
It's 0-8-0-9-9-9.
Your wedding day.
She uses it for everything.
I told her to change it because
it's so easy to hack. but she won't.
Says she's never had a reason to.
12 people are reported missing
in Bristol every day.
That's everything. though -
dementia patients wandering.
kids bunking off school.
right up to the sinister stuff.
I did six months
in the Missing Persons Unit.
Give that all to Duncan.
Uh-huh.
Duncan helped me last year
on my cold case.
Oh. yeah? Which one's your one?
Tina Bradley.
Went missing from Stokes Croft.
Oh. yeah. yeah.
No plates.
Sorry?
The woman who brought me
the mis-per's laptop...
Oh. the woman? Her name is Becky.
You'll like her. Duncan.
because I like her.
and I don't like anyone.
Sorry. Carry on.
Said there's a car parked
outside the house. There is.
But I've got no plates. No reg.
You get me that.
I'll run it through ANPR.
Get you what I can.
Give me a second.
Kilo-Tango-zero-eight.
Alfa-Juliett-Oscar.
There's her phone.
If you can check her bank account.
see what she's bought and where.
She looks nice.
Like one of those people
everyone knows.
All right. then.
Let's find her. Duncan.
MUSIC: 'The Lamb'
by Winchester Cathedral Choir
Who you fucking touching?
All right. star rugby player!
What you gonna do?
COMMOTION
Get off. man!
Get off!
Stop picking fights with me.
you fucking prick!
Bauri. move.
Mr Bowman tells me
you're doing so poorly in history.
he might have to stop you training
with the rugby team.
Yes. sir.
It's not something he wants to do.
but if you don't improve.
he might have to. Yes. sir.
Now. do we treat the corridors
like the playground?
No. sir.
No. Off you go.
As you may be aware.
Mrs Polly. Sarah...
has not been seen at school
or at home since Monday.
Now. we're not sure
where she's gone
or for how long or why.
but we're confident. Alana and I.
that. as is the case
with most of these things.
there's a perfectly sensible
explanation.
Wait.
Simone is contacting parents
of all the pupils affected.
to say that Sarah is away.
And the police have been informed.
as a precautionary measure.
in case anything...
er. untoward has happened.
but there's no reason to believe
that's the case
and she won't be back soon.
Now. given everything
that's happening at school.
obviously. we need to keep this
between ourselves.
I don't want
any pupils or parents unsettled.
And if any of you have spoken
to Sarah.
or have any idea
of where she might be...
I saw her outside the art room.
That would've been Monday morning.
But I don't know how...
useful that is. or...
Well. as I said.
this is the sort of information
we're hoping we don't need.
OK. Well. er. back to work.
Well done. Mike.
KNOCKING
DOOR OPENS
You've got Kerry Clancy outside.
Interviewing for the languages job.
Oh.
Are you sure you're OK
to be doing this?
AUTOMATED VOICE:
'The person you've called...'
'Craig Stanhope.'
'..is not available.
'Please leave your message
after the tone.'
Hi. It's Annie. I just wanted to say
thank you for the other night.
And it was really good to see you.
But I've thought about it. Craig.
and I'm not sure.
You know. I've got work ramping up
and Tina case to think about.
you know?
I don't want us to get hurt.
I-I don't wanna get hurt again.
I think it's not fair
on either of us. to be honest.
So thank you for the pizza.
I know that you're sorry. Craig.
I'm sorry. too.
So... It's Annie. by the...
I've said that. haven't I?
I probably said at the top. OK. bye!
DOORBELL RINGS
On Saturday. we have lessons.
but only in the morning.
so the afternoon would be yours.
Thank you. And what about holidays?
What about holidays?
Your holidays are "the holidays".
And as for salary.
as I said. it's non-negotiable.
I can think of schools
who'd pay more.
Well. I can think of teachers
who would take less.
I wouldn't be taking it.
just to be clear.
I'd be earning it.
Only if you got the job.
The first thing you asked me.
it wasn't about the school.
or the pupils. or the ethos.
it was about pension contributions.
They're not important?
It's a six-week contract.
So for a six-week contract. pension
contributions are not important?
Lots of things are important...
So what exactly can I...?
..but there is nothing
as important as the teaching.
as developing potential.
creating opportunity.
And you have given me nothing
on how you would foster that.
Well. if you...
Nothing.
DOOR OPENS
I can postpone the other interviews.
if all this Sarah business is...
It's nothing to do with Sarah.
She just wasn't right for the job.
do you understand?
HE INHALES DEEPLY
ANNIE:
'I look at this man. and I wonder.'
I mean. you don't have to be bawling
your eyes out the whole time.
but there's a lot
that's not right there.
And then he's off again.
Back to school.
Carrying on.
like the fact his wife has vanished
is just something he's gonna fit in
round his working day.
He's a headmaster. A bloke used
to getting it all his own way.
And the older they get.
these sorts of men.
you know this better than anyone.
the worse it becomes.
Craig just didn't like me working.
No. Annie. he didn't like
you doing anything. ever.
Men like that don't change.
Which is why you ignore his calls
about pizza
and why you never call him.
Even to tell him
you're not interested.
Agreed?
Absolutely. yes.
DOOR CLOSES
What's he gone and got now?
Comes back with everything I didn't
ask for and nothing that I did.
I'll make a move.
Bye. love.
Thought that was your car
blocking the drive.
Just popping a pint of milk over
for your mum.
Think she appreciates the visits.
Do you?
What is it. Gareth?
Something you wanna say to me?
You don't wanna go down that road.
Try me.
All right. then.
It's been eight years. Annie.
You either find her or you fuck off.
Cheers for that (!)
I won't. but thank you.
Mum feels the same.
I don't think she does.
She's just too nice to say it.
Gareth?
Yeah. just a minute. Mum.
Just saying goodbye to Annie.
Who's supposed to be helping who
here?
All these visits. Popping over.
It's killing her.
can't you see that?
DOOR OPENS.
CLOSES
PHONE RINGS
Duncan.
What time was she last seen?
'Monday.'
Lunch time. At the school.
'That tracks.'
Her phone was switched off at 12:42.
But later that day.
I've got activity on her bank card.
She makes a payment at 15:02.
'Not in Bristol. in Bridgend.'
The payment was used
at a cigarette machine
in a pub in Ogmore.
It's in South Wales.
It's near Bridgend.
Now. we're not saying...
That wouldn't have been Mum.
It must have been.
She's never even smoked.
It was her card.
It was a contactless payment.
so might have been her. might not.
We sent some officers down there
first thing this morning.
There's no CCTV.
so we're interviewing the regulars.
doing everything we can.
Sorry. what time was this?
15:02.
And there's no sign of any
travel payment. no train tickets.
And your car's still outside.
so it's not clear how she got there.
Unless she used cash?
No-one uses cash.
Well. maybe she didn't want
anybody knowing where she was going.
So why would she have used it
to buy cigarettes. then?
To think when that was happening.
when we were watching the match.
Remember? Against Hillside.
Michael.
No-one's suggesting that you had
anything to do with this. No.
But how can I not know
where my wife was?
Michael.
given this recent development
and the length of time
that Sarah has now been missing.
I'm escalating her to high risk.
And I'd like us
to do a press conference. No.
Today. No. I don't want
the pupils disrupted.
Exams are coming up.
and then the match against Kings...
Michael.
your wife has disappeared.
I will take over
as the Senior Investigating Officer.
And I'd like to ask Annie
to become your FLO.
Sorry. our... Sorry. our what?
Family Liaison Officer.
She'll be with you at all times.
ensuring you're kept abreast
of new developments.
making sure you feel connected
to what's going on.
Sorry. what does that mean exactly?
It means you'll be seeing a lot more
of DS Cassidy.
HIGH-PITCHED TONE
MUFFLED: Thank you. everyone.
Let's make a start.
CLEARLY: I'm Detective
Superintendent Daniella Laing.
head of the Major Crime Unit
here at Bristol and Bath.
I'd like to hand you over
to DI Pemberley.
in charge of
the missing person investigation.
Good afternoon.
Sarah Polly is a 52-year-old teacher
from Westbury-on-Trym. Bristol.
and we'll share that image of Sarah
in the usual way.
Now. I know Sarah's husband.
Michael. is keen to say a few words.
This is a message not for the media
or any member of the public
but for Sarah.
Now. whatever's caused you
to leave home.
if it's something I've done
or not done or...
..you felt unable to say
or communicate anything.
then come home.
and we can work it out.
As we've always done.
We'll work through it.
Alana and I
are both very worried about you.
so find a way
of letting us know you're safe.
Well. I think that's all.
Thank you. Michael.
CAMERA SHUTTERS CLICK
And again! Two!
Good. change! Quickly!
TV: '52-year-old Sarah Polly.
a teacher from Westbury-on-Trym.
'hasn't been seen since Monday.
'Police today appealed
to the public for information.
'while her husband.
the head teacher Michael Polly.
'appealed directly to his wife.'
'Just find a way of letting us know
you're safe. A call...'
Everyone.
'Alana...'
There'll be a meeting between
parents and governors tonight.
Mike's asking.
and I think Mike's right.
that we try and limit the talk
amongst the pupils as best we can.
So nice and strict on phones.
please.
HORN TOOTS
Annie!
Someone's got an admirer.
From the date she didn't go on.
After the date she didn't have.
Hm?
BECKY CHUCKLES
OK!
MICHAEL: 'Right. quick as you can.'
ANNIE: He's not gonna be happy
when he knows
we've gotta be here the whole time.
BECKY: Mm.
Semi-circle.
Right. Saturday's starting XV.
As soon as you hear your name.
you get in. you get changed.
Front five - Pollard. Whittaker.
Paynton loose head.
Bauri. Ojomi. second row. Go.
Back three -
Roberts. Dyce. Simpkins blindside.
Half-backs. Turner. Maguire. go.
Centres -
Hooper. 13 this time. please.
Lorenzo. Go.
Palmer. left wing.
Taylor. right wing.
Isn't Sedgwick left wing. sir?
In you go!
Jesus. Look at him.
Full-back...
..Jones.
Coach leaves at 12. Sedgwick.
You'll travel
as a non-playing reserve.
That means you'll have
the water bottles filled and ready
and the first-aid kit
from my office.
It's not just about
what you do on the pitch.
you represent this team
at all times.
Celebrate a win
like a football hooligan.
and you're letting the side down.
Show no effort in history.
fight in the corridors.
you're letting the side down.
You let the side down.
and you don't play.
It's that simple.
Our best chance to go invictus.
and my best player is sabotaging it.
Intentionally.
Look at me.
That's how it is.
And that is what. in lieu of
actually spending any time with you.
your father is investing in.
An education.
And that's what we provide.
You understand?
Sedgwick.
Yes. sir.
Right. well. in you go.
It's funny. isn't it?
At the exact time she goes missing.
he's at the rugby.
where everyone can see.
Not a bad alibi.
That's what I mean.
Maybe all she's done is left him.
It all got too much.
and she's done one.
But then - I know. I know -
why leave the phone?
And why not tell Alana?
Hmm.
I. er. wanted to apologise
if I came over as aggressive.
especially the first time we met.
Michael. it's...
As you can imagine. this isn't
an easy time for any of us.
We all want the same thing.
We all just want to find Sarah.
so...
We'll see you up at the house.
HE EXHALES
HE SWALLOWS HARSHLY
Oh. here we go. look.
He was right about one thing.
4:30.
Right on cue.
BELL CHIMES
PANTING
Annie?
Just down here.
Is it Sarah?
It's her coat. It's her cagoule.
What's your name?
VOICE BREAKING: Melodie.
Melodie. I'm gonna need
one more thing from you.
I'm gonna need the dog away. please.
The dog. Melodie. now!
Casper!
Casper. come here now. come on!
Michael!
Michael?
CLOCK TICKING
KNOCK AT DOOR
Michael. it's Annie!
Michael. I'm coming in!
Subtitles by accessibility@itv.com
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today